Features:
- Import/export database - supports JSON and CSV.
- Option to delay backups on save, as to prevent lots of backups when making lots of small changes.
- Clipboard can be wiped after period of time, after copying password.
- Window location and size persisted to user preferences.
- Scripts added to jar distributions.
- Stand-alone versions for Windows and jars now available.
- Stand-alone versions read preferences from working directory.
- Viewing backup has related options and disables other functions (such as sync).
- Force upload file.
- Remote backups retained.
- Remote lock can be removed.
- Configurable delay of sync after saving changes.
- Warning for outdated versions of Java to upgrade.

Changes:
- Major UI redesign (side bar, settings, change log and more).
- Layout of backup files.
- Entries, when viewing node, ordered correctly.
- Nodes with blank names show as unnamed.
- URLs opened in browser must be hard-coded, isolating UI from being able to open malicious links.
- Settings performance improved (UI).
- Sync prevented when database has unsaved changes.
- Backup of remote database is made during sync, whilst new version is uploaded.
    - The backup is restored, if not removed, on next sync. Useful for incomplete uploads e.g. slow connections.

Fixes:
- Database was not syncing on save (when enabled).
- Minor null pointer fix when merging databases (when DB value changes to null).
- Merging database will only trigger single save, and thus backup.
- Remote sync sometimes locking UI when opening database.
- Mac keyboard layout not chosen automatically.
- Backups page sometimes going blank.
- Showing/hiding empty value would be detected as change.




- Button to reset window state
